Merge Fleet LCU FAQ docs ahead of July 15 pricing change (#4887)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/fleet/essentials.mdx

> ## Custom models

Reviewer: I think it would be better if we update this section to be called "Models" and then move the info from the Models and billing page here. Then the Custom models can either be a section or a callout

Author: updated with "Custom models" as a sub-section

For more information, see [How we built the memory system for Fleet (formerly known as Agent Builder)](https://www.langchain.com/conceptual-guides/how-we-built-agent-builders-memory).

## Models

> Fleet manages models for you. It selects and maintains a strong model for each task, so you get good results without choosing a provider, configuring a model, or supplying an API key. Usage is billed in [LangChain Compute Units (LCUs)](#langchain-compute-units-lcus).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleet manages models for you. It selects and maintains a strong model for each task, so you get good results without having to choose a provider, configure a model, or supply an API key. Usage is billed in [LangChain Compute Units (LCUs)](#langchain-compute-units-lcus).
```

Author: updated

<Note>
The new model tiers and [LCU](#langchain-compute-units-lcus) pricing apply to new Fleet usage starting **July 15, 2026**. Organizations already using Fleet before that date keep their current setup and transition to the new model on **October 1, 2026**. If you use a custom model, contact your LangChain account team about your transition.
</Note>

Fleet provides three managed tiers. The model behind each tier may change over time as new models become available, so you can choose based on the work you need done instead of a specific provider or model.

| Tier | Best for | Relative cost |
| ---- | -------- | ------------- |
| **Fast** | Everyday tasks such as research, summaries, and drafting | Low |
| **Pro** | More complex tasks that benefit from stronger reasoning | Medium |
| **Max** | The most demanding tasks, where maximum capability matters most | High |

> For most tasks, start with **Fast**. Move to **Pro** when a task needs more careful reasoning. Use **Max** for your hardest work, where capability matters more than speed or cost. Higher tiers typically cost more and take longer.

Reviewer: The descriptions of the tiers seem to be duplicating the table content. Maybe remove and just keep the note about higher tiers costing more/ taking longer

Reviewer: If you want to be fancy, you can add the "Higher tiers typically cost more and take longer" note as a tooltip on the Relative cost column heading

Author: TIL how to add a tooltip, very fancy!
